wireless mouse technology has gotten
crazy good lately with even professional
gamers cutting the cord in tournament
play with thousands tens of thousands or
even hundreds of thousands of dollars on
the line but what about mechanical
keyboards both mechanical keyboards and
wireless keyboards have existed since
before I was born so where the 80 double
hockey sticks are although wireless
mechanical boards well I'm glad you
asked
meet the g6 one three it's tournament
grade mechanical wireless and it lasts
for months on a single charge game on
and on and on and on and on and I'm
carrying too many phones right now HP's
new omen X lineup comes equipped with
Intel seventh generation Core i7
processor check it out at the link in
the video description even though it's
part of their gamer G Series I think the
best way to describe the design of
Logitech G 613 is utilitarian it's got
pretty much everything you need and very
little that you don't it rocks an
understated two-tone gray finish with an
integrated wrist rest which is nice
because you don't want that thing
flopping around when you're on the go
it's got six programmable macro keys and
then a handful of basic media keys being
Wireless it also has an on/off switch
and these two buttons that let you
switch between the Logitech Lightspeed
receiver unit plugged into your computer
and a supported nearby bluetooth device
like your phone car TV you get the point
Bluetooth is a fairly ubiquitous
standard and that's a nice thing to have
let's talk typing Logitech is using the
same Omron co-developed Roemer G
switches as the g9 10 but this time
without the weird-shaped key caps RGB
lighting and the phone dock so it
shouldn't be a surprise then that while
the high tactile bump is a bit of an
acquired taste typing on it is actually
a real
bleep pleasant experience no complaints
there at all as for gaming logitech
claims that thanks to the 2.4 gigahertz
light speed connection same as on the g
703 Mouse which you can check out here
the short actuation distance of the
Romer G switches and the fast onboard
processing that the keyboard is over
five times faster than razors wired
BlackWidow v2 and Ed's opinion after
gaming on it is it's fine just fine so
considering what a regular wired
mechanical keyboard cost a few years ago
not too bad for a hundred and fifty
bucks that's progress but that leads us
back to our original question how has it
taken until twenty freaking seventeen
for a major brand to release a wireless
mechanical keyboard okay so maybe it was
a demand issue until the last few years
mechanical keyboards were a super niche
item and even today most laypersons
don't know what they are so who would
have been out there looking for a
keyboard that's both mechanical and
wireless maybe it was cost the people
looking for those features also had to
be willing to pay for them and
considering that a cheap wireless
keyboard can cost three times as much as
a cheap wired one the fact that a basic
mechanical keyboard is still a hundred
bucks makes that potentially pretty
scary math no no actually I reject that
we don't think it was demand or cost
keeping wireless mechanical keyboards
from hitting the mainstream clearly if
there are people out there buying $200
individually handcrafted key caps some
of them would be willing to spend a few
bucks for a completely wireless desk
setup we think it was more to do with
the limited benefit of wireless for
keyboards I mean they just sit there and
the compromises that were imposed
especially by older wireless
technologies but hold on a second Linus
I mean the 2.4 gigahertz or Bluetooth
wireless devices I have have basically
no noticeable latency aren't those good
enough while I see your point
basically is
good enough the people who buy
mechanical keyboards are enthusiasts
they care about registering a keystroke
a fraction of a second earlier than
their opponents and they're not about to
sacrifice those key benefits just to cut
a cord that's usually out of the way
anyway I mean who exactly is it out
there that wants to charge a heavy-ass
keyboard all the time for the privilege
of being able to pick it up and go sit
on the couch to use it so that's what's
changed here
better than wired latency with up to 18
months of life on two regular double-a
batteries there's even a pair included
in the box
and while Logitech's been super
tight-lipped about exactly how their
Lightspeed link actually works what we
do know is that it's strong high decibel
signal one millisecond report rate and
supremely powerful design is what
enables this products no compromises
performance and endurance with that said
no compromises is in the eye of the
beholder and while the cordless
simplicity of the g6 13 will appeal to
some consumers many enthusiasts will be
unwilling to give up creature comforts
like auxiliary screens pass-through USB
ports built-in audio backlit keys and
let's face it that sweet RGB nectar all
things that they could have at this
price if they were willing to plug in a
court not to mention that they'd
probably get better keycaps to to say I
was disappointed that the legend on a
$150 keyboard uses cheapo stickers would
be a gross understatement but come on -
they got to keep the cost of this
revolutionary new product down somehow
right right no I mean to be cleared by
and large I like the product that I
think a lot of people are gonna buy it
but Logitech at risk of sounding like a
broken record here you guys need to stop
screwing up the key caps on your roller
G key switch products this thing uses
more durable double shots and it's like
25 bucks
anchors Powercore to 20,000 portable
charger has a ton of great features
including six amps of output dual inputs
and the ability to identify your device
to deliver the fastest possible charge
with what they're calling power IQ 2.0
it's ultra high capacity so it's like
days of power it charges the iPhone 7
over 6 times and with rapid recharge you
can top up the battery in as little as 5
hours using a quick charge charger buy
one now and you'll get anchors power
core to 20,000 portable charger a micro
USB cable as well as a travel pouch
welcome guide and their worryfree 18
month warranty with friendly customer
service they've currently got an
amazon.com promotion going on where you
can use code LTTE power and save 15%
check it out at the link below so thanks
for watching guys if you disliked this
video you know what to do but if it was
awesome get subscribed hit that like
button or check out the link to where to
buy the stuff we featured in the video
description also down there is our merch
store which has cool shirts like this
one and our community forum which you
should totally join